Adding review of Bittorrent Economics paper (#81)
status-im/codex-research: papers/Economics_of_BitTorrent_communities/README.md

# Economics of BitTorrent communities

## Authors

- Ian A. Kash - iankash@microsoft.com
- John K. Lai - jklai@seas.harvard.edu
- Haoqi Zhang - hq@eecs.harvard.edu
- Aviv Zohar - avivz@microsoft.com

### DOI

- https://doi.org/10.1145/2187836.2187867

## Summary

The paper is a study of a BitTorrent community called DIME, where users share live concert recordings. The community has around 100K users and the study analyses data gathered over 6 months.

### Main ideas

 * The DIME system enforces a ratio of at least 0.25: 4 downloads for 1 upload
 * Many users have a ratio above 1 (which shows an altruistic behaviour)
 * New files are more attractive to users and have high demand at the beginning
 * Users with high bandwidth Internet connections take advantage of new files to take credits

>  * Old files are not good the gain credit because they are not in high demand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Old files are no good to gain credit because they are not in high demand
```
